Now let's get up to speed
with Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's!
I'm gonna take this chip out
for a test drive.
♪
You are in possession
of stolen property.
Escape is not an option.
Pull over!
There's no use trying to escape.
♪
Now, tell me...
are you going to make this easy
and come along quietly?
I will...
if you can beat me.
♪
-Let's ride!
I can Special Summon
Montage Dragon
to the field.
♪
Go, Power Collage!
I activate the Trap Card
Equip Shot.
This releases my warrior
from your dragon's grip
and lets me use its
ability against you.
Junk Warrior, end this!
(screaming)
♪
Things ain't over
between you and me.
Yusei, you gonna try
and get to Domino City?
Yeah.
Midnight tonight.
What's at midnight?
The tiniest of opportunities.
The only way
between the Satellite
and New Domino City is
this sewer pipeline here.
Once a month at midnight
they shut the system down to
check the compressor pumps,
then a maintenance hatch
is automatically open.
And that's when
I'll get my chance
to make it through.
♪
♪ Going fast makes
me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyper drive ♪
♪ Do you think
you can win? ♪
♪ Only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let destiny choose ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the
wind, it's blowing
me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me
runnin' side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur
as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear
you breathing ♪
♪ I can see you coming ♪
♪ I can feel the
wind, it's blowing
me around ♪
♪ See the sun arisin' ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts itself
into our lives ♪
♪
You've only got one
shot at this, Yusei.
The maintenance hatch
opens at midnight
and only stays open for
three minutes after that.
He knows!
Then they flood that
pipeline with garbage.
He knows!
And as soon as you
jump over the sewage
plant's fence,
the security--
He knows!
Try being positive
for once, Nervin.
I thought I was.
Yusei!
Hm?
Can you really do this?
A test run is one thing...
but the real thing
is something else.
If they catch you, it...
Don't listen to
these guys, Yusei.
Just, uh, I don't know,
hit the gas and
don't ever look back.
Almost forgot!
(grunts)
Here.
For good luck.
What is it, Rally?
Turbo Booster.
Wasn't this your
father's card?
I want you to take it.
Like my dad always says,
"You never know when
you might need a boost."
I just hope it can
help you get back
your Stardust Dragon from Jack.
♪
You gonna be on the monitor?
We'll go topside so we
can get a clear signal.
Now rev it up!
And don't slow down for nothin'!
♪
You go, Yusei!
It's time to settle
the score, Jack.
♪
We have movement!
Yusei's gone topside.
We've picked up
the homing signal
from the stolen chip.
So where is he?
He's in the East Sector.
Switching to
Satellite imaging now.
♪
Where do you think you're going?
Lock on to that chip!
Then open up a com link
and update me.
Do not lose him!
♪
Trudge, he just turned
off Montague heading south
on Davis Drive.
On my way, Central.
♪
The maintenance hatch
opens in four minutes!
Let's book it!
Wait up!
♪
-Careful!
-Not now, Nervin!
♪c
Can you see him?
There he goes!
Aw yeah!
We got a clear signal
on the monitor.
Looks like he's approaching
the sewage plant.
Warning, warning!
You are entering an
unauthorized zone.
Turn back immediately.
♪
Pull over, Yusei!
Trudge?
How'd he find me?
Where do you
think you're going?
Don't you know
it's two hours
past curfew or can you
still not tell time?
Pull over!
♪
Kids these days.
Never do what they're told.
Huh, is he going
for the sewage plant?
♪
(grunts)
So far, so good.
Hanson, come in!
Open the security gates
and do it quick!
♪
He's heading for
the compactors.
I'm on him.
He won't get far.
There's nowhere he can go.
♪
Uh-oh.
Sector Security is
closing in on him.
Oh, man, not Trudge again.
♪
This should be fun.
You may have beaten
me in our last duel,
but I've got something
special planned for you,
and this time I'm
taking you down.
See, with that
chip you installed,
I can now force
you to turbo duel.
Duel mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
♪
Overriding suspect's
Duel Runner.
But how?
Autopilot engaged.
♪
This wasn't in the plan!
Trudge hacked in somehow.
Well, Yus needs to get unhacked!
There's no time to duel.
♪
I let you off the hook
last time, Yusei,
but this time...
me and my special Pursuit Deck
are gonna haul you to
the facility for good.
♪
You can't escape, Yusei.
You see, that acceleration
chip you installed
has enabled me to hack into
your Duel Runner's mainframe,
and the only way to break free
of the connection is to beat me.
♪
And now I'll show you what my
special Pursuit Deck is made of.
First I'll summon out
Gate Blocker in defense mode.
♪
Huh?
Anyone know what
that thing does?
I've never heard of that one.
When Gate Blocker is
face up on the field,
your opponent cannot
gain any speed counters
during their standby phase.
Now with perimeters secure,
I place one card face down
and end my turn.
Nothing happened!
Something wrong?
Did you just notice
that your speed counters
aren't increasing?
Ugh!
♪
Well, they're not going to.
See, it's all
part of my plan.
In our last duel,
I underestimated
the power of your deck,
and almost wound up
back on traffic duty.
But unlike you,
I learn from my mistakes,
and this time you
won't be surprising me,
but have I got some
surprises for you!
Such as my Gate Blocker
Spell Card which has
your game stuck
in neutral.
Seems like an appropriate
effect, wouldn't you say?
Why is that?
Because, just like in life,
you're going nowhere,
unless you count being
sent to the facility
as "going somewhere."
Only this time it
isn't going to be
some little vacation
like your visit
to the reeducation center.
See, this time, Yusei...
you're going to be locked away
for a very, very long time.
Assuming you can catch me.
♪
Uh-oh, is it midnight already?
In three minutes they'll
be closing the hatch
and then Yusei won't be
able to make it through
to New Domino City!
Man, Officer Trudge is
always getting in the way!
♪
If I get outdueled down here,
I may never get
another chance
to settle the
score with Jack,
and Jack will never
have to answer
for what he did.
I can't let that happen.
♪
-Come on, Yus!
-Break away!
The green light's mine.
And I summon Speed Warrior
in attack mode!
♪
Hah, I remember
that little toy
from our last duel.
And I remember that
its attack points
double on the turn
it's summoned.
But like last time,
it's just too weak.
I guess you still
haven't learned
how to add, have you?
♪
Okay, Rally,
let's see what this
card of yours can do.
I Special Summon
Turbo Booster
in attack mode!
♪
When you release
Turbo Booster,
your opponent's monster
is destroyed if it battled
against the monster
you summoned this turn.
He actually played my card!
Power up!
♪
Speed Warrior, release!
So?
That don't scare me.
It should 'cause now
Speed Warrior can
attack using Turbo's
special ability.
That's so awesome!
I had no idea
he could do that
with Turbo Booster!
He might be able to
take out Gate Blocker,
which means he might
be able to break free,
which means he might be able
to kick into overdrive,
which means he
might still make it!
Of course, he might not.
♪
Not good enough!
Even if you destroy Gate Blocker
with that "boost" of yours,
Gate Blocker's defense
is still too strong.
And just like
our last duel,
you're gonna get hurt
in this blast, not me.
♪
(grunts)
Vroom, vroom, kaboom!
I just knew my
Turbo Booster card
would help him out!
Yeah, go Yusei!
♪
There it is...
the main pipeline.
I may still have enough time!
♪
All right, I'm in!
-Hanson!
-Sir?
He's gone into the
waste disposal system.
Switch to the security
cameras down there.
Don't lose him!
Uh-oh.
It looks like Trudge
isn't giving up.
Don't worry,
Yusei'll shake him.
There's no way
to shake him now.
The pipeline's
a straight shot.
♪
Ready for another surprise?
I activate my
Broken Blocker trap
so I can play
two Gate Blockers.
♪
Oh man, more road blocks.
What made you break
curfew tonight, Yusei?
Are you trying to
escape the Satellite?
And what if I am?
Don't you know that your kind
don't exactly "fit in"
in New Domino City?
I'm not going there to "fit in."
So, what's your plan?
We both know you
got some enemies
in very high places.
You trying to get
to New Domino City
to settle some score?
Something like that.
I place two cards face down
and end my turn.
Only two minutes left,
and eight miles
of pipeline to go.
-He'll make it.
-Huh?
We did six test runs.
Yusei knows what he's doing.
Security wasn't
harassing him
on those test runs.
And by this point,
he was so much closer
to the goal.
♪
There's no escape, Yusei.
If I don't find a way
around those blockers fast,
I'll never make it
to the hatch in time.
♪
You'll never escape, Yusei.
And to make sure of it,
I'm calling in some backup
by radioing Gonogo
to come to the field
in attack mode!
♪
Gonogo, move in and
take out Speed Warrior.
♪
Ah!
(groans)
Hah!
Your loss is my gain.
♪
Ah!
Come on, Yusei!
Now it's my move.
♪
It's go time.
I summon the Junk
Synchron Tuner monster.
♪
Then I activate the
Graceful Revival Trap Card.
Huh?
What are you planning?
Let me show you.
See, Graceful Revival
lets me summon
a Level 2 or below monster
from my Graveyard.
So, I'm bringing
back Speed Warrior!
♪
Now I do my Junk Synchron
with my Speed Warrior
to Synchro Summon
Junk Warrior!
♪
Let's rev it up!
Thatta boy, Yusei.
Now, finish up Trudge
and get out of there!
He's gonna take out
Trudge's Gonogo now.
♪
Go, Scrap Fist!
Hah, you pulled the same move
last time we dueled.
You're getting a little
predictable, Yusei.
But now, I'm gonna
speed things up.
Hmph!
You're not the only one
who knows how to soup-up
your monsters.
I summon Jutte Fighter!
That's a Tuner monster.
Sure is!
And there's still more
surprises to come.
Jutte Fighter!
I tune you to my Gate Blocker
in order to Synchro
Summon Goyo Guardian.
♪
Ah!
It looks like you underestimated
my deck this time.
Doesn't it?
Now, attack!
♪
Wah!
(laughs maniacally)
Goyo Guardian is
a special monster.
See, when it attacks,
it doesn't destroy anything,
it just takes
control of them
and uses 'em to
do its bidding.
Kinda like the relationship
you have with Jack Atlas,
huh, Trudge?
You Satellites...
You never know when
to stop talking back.
(groans)
One minute forty seconds left.
Come on, Yusei, hurry!
You're running out of time.
Come on, go!
Nice, with my speed
counter at four,
I'm now able to crank
this hot pursuit up
to the next level by activating
a Speed Spell from my hand.
Go, Sonic Buster!
Sonic Buster is a Spell Card
that deals damage
to your opponent
equal to half
the attack points
of one monster
on your field.
♪
When you said you were
full of surprises,
you weren't kidding.
Well, I'm glad I
didn't disappoint.
And guess what, Yusei?
I won't be disappointing
my superiors either,
because this time
I'm not gonna let you
just walk away when
the last card is played.
♪
(groans)
And with that attack,
it's only a matter of time
before your life points
are running on empty.
Now, to make sure you don't
pull some fancy maneuver,
I'm using a second Sonic Buster
to slow your game down.
(groans)
♪
Ah, now Yus'll never
clear the hatch!
♪
You won't beat me
this time, Yusei.
And you'll never escape
from the Satellite,
'cause once I win,
I'm taking you in.
I can't wait to see
you get locked up.
♪
Well, you're gonna have
to keep on waiting,
Officer Trudge,
'cause I'm about to put
the pedal to the metal.
But I've got all the power.
You sure about that?
I summon the Tuner monster
Nitro Synchron!
♪
Another Tuner monster?
Heh, you never
were one to give up
without a fight.
Too bad I got
your speed counters
all locked up!
That's what you think.
♪
I activate a Speed Spell.
Dash Pilfer!
Dash Pilfer is a Spell Card
that allows you to gain control
of one of your
opponent's monsters
that's face up
and in defense mode.
No way!
With my blockers on the field,
you don't have enough
power to play a spell!
You should double
check your screen.
What the!
But, but!
That's impossible!
You shouldn't have
any speed counters!
(groans)
How can this be?
Nice!
With my speed
counter at four,
I'm now able
to crank this
hot pursuit up
to the next level
by activating
a Speed Spell
from my hand.
Go, Sonic Buster!
Oh no!
When I played
that Speed Spell
you must've countered
with something.
I sure did.
So, if you think you're the
only one full of surprises,
guess again.
Now, I know you're
not one for detail,
but this little oversight
is gonna cost you big time.
See, while you were so busy
trying to hold my game down,
I played Slip Stream,
which gives me
the same number
of counters you had
when you played your
second Sonic Buster.
So, by trying to slow me down,
you only made me faster!
That's just like you!
Waiting for handouts!
Latching on to someone else!
(growls)
♪
Dash Pilfer!
Get in there and
rescue Junk Warrior!
♪
Trudge, after
all these years,
you still don't know
anything about me.
All you ever see are rules
and them being broken,
but you've never stopped
to ask why, have you?
I guess it pays well to
be ignorant, doesn't it?
(grunts)
This is no time
to be lecturing!
You've only
got 35 seconds!
He's almost there.
All you gotta do
is slip through
that side hatch before
it closes, Yusei!
♪
That hatch!
You're planning on
using that to escape
from the Satellite!
Took you long enough
to figure that out.
Guess nothing gets by
you, does it, Trudge?
That is, nothing but
me and my Duel Runner.
Well, I'm just
one move away
from proving you wrong
and locking you up for good.
♪
Not gonna happen,
'cause I'm about
to rev things up
one more time.
♪
Another Synchro Summon?
That's right.
Now, Nitro Synchron,
give Junk Warrior
a tune up!
♪
I Synchro Summon
Nitro Warrior!
♪
Trudge, I got one
last surprise for you.
If my Nitro Warrior
attacks on the same turn
a Speed Spell was used,
it gains a thousand
attack points.
It what?!
♪
And with that,
your Goyo Guardian
is a goner!
♪
Nitro Warrior,
attack with Dynamite Crunch!
♪
This ain't over yet, Yusei.
Oh, yes it is.
See, Nitro Warrior
comes custom-made
with a special ability.
When it destroys
one of your monsters,
and you've got a
monster in defense mode
like Gate Blocker,
it forces it
into attack mode.
But, then I can't
protect myself!
And even though my
Nitro Warrior loses
one thousand attack points,
it's still strong enough
to destroy Gate Blocker
and win this duel!
(growls)
Rawr!
(shouts)
♪
He won!
He made Trudge wipe out!
Too bad he couldn't
stop the clock.
♪
The hatch is gonna close.
And that means Yus
won't be able to escape.
Rev it up, Yus!
♪
Ah!
Come on,
stay on target!
♪
(screams)
Central, override
the trash compactor!
Override the trash!
♪
What happened to Yusei?
Don't know!
The screen went blank.
He made it through the hatch.
I just know he did.
I just know it!
But if he didn't...
(beeping)
Hey, what's that?
It's Yusei!
Ah!
(laughs)
I told you!
I so told you!
Yeah!
He did it!
He actually made it through
to New Domino City!
That's right!
I never had a doubt.
(laughs)
♪
Yusei!
Hello, Jack.
(Jack laughs)
♪
Long time no see.
How've you been?
(maniacal laughing)
♪
What's the matter, Yusei?
Aren't you happy to see
your old friend Jack?
(maniacal laughing)
♪